# August 27, 2025 
Today I made my journal :).
# September 2, 2025
I think the new cell phone law was unessesary and more trouble then its worth. While I can admit it was a good thought, to get students more engaged and active in their learning, the exicution and reality did not agree. To begin, students who were not engaged before have no drive to be engaged in the first place, phones were just a way to stay entartained, not the reason behind their disengagement. In addition, if the student wants to be on their phone bad enough they will find a way to do so, that being though skipping, going to the restroom, or sneaking it in class where others cannot see. Lastly, the convinience of the phone for both students and teachers was taken away. All these instences prove that the phone ban was more trouble then it was worth and unessasary, it does not help students engage more, creates sneakyer students, and hinders those who do actively try in school and teachers who use technology for acedemic purposes.
# September 8, 2025
A career I would be intrestend in going into is digital art. In this case computer science would take an enourmose role in my job everyday. Computer science is used to create all the softwares used to make digital art. Computer Science also would help keep track of payroll and calender at the job. Therefore computer science is useful and often nessesary for everyjob now a days.
# September 15, 2025
The problem of education being limited in some countires could be aided by AI. AI could aid people who go out to those areas with creation of lesson plans and effective ways to teach. AI could also recommend activities to do with the students they are teaching.
# September 22, 2025
Do you think working in a virtual store for real money is a good idea or a bad idea for the future of jobs? Why? 5-7 sentances
I think it depends on the job if it would be okay doing it virtually. For example, if you were serving food at IKEA virtually it wouldnt really work out since you are not actually accomplishing feeding or giving a person food. However, if the job was desinging the show rooms a good way to make sure it looks nice without doing unnessesary work would be to design it in a virtual store then implement the design into the physical store. It depends if an actual task is getting completed virtually or not is it is a good idea to do it virtually. So overall mostlikely not a good idea unless it helps complete a nessasary task.
# September 30, 2025
Six seven is a stupid brain rot phrase. It primarily comes from a song that got popular all over social media because of that phrase. All the kids now say is 67 and it is very annoying. I suggest we publicly shame all people who say 67. Another thing people do is hand motions with rotating which is up and down. We should ban 67 for all.
# October 6, 2025
If I were in charge of the technology laws, I would say no A.I but bring cell phones back. For starters, A.I, while at first glace a good tool, can lead to many problems such as, not actually learning, getting incorrect information, and general lazyness attached to the ease of not having to actually search the information up and see if the sources are reliable. All those problems would lead me to continue the A.I ban in schools, I would also hope students would carry principle outside of school since A.I stunts growth and creativity in many ways even outside of school. The next thing I would do in unban phones. In my opinion the phone ban was unessesary and more of a distractions then the actual cell phones themselfs. Cell phones, while back, would have new laws in place, phones can only be used if teacher allowed it or during lunch and passing periods.
